\input texinfo
@setfilename ift-extract.info
@settitle    Built-in iSight firmware extractor and patcher
@dircategory General Commands

@direntry
* ift-extract: (ift-extract).   Built-in iSight firmware extractor.
@end direntry


@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2007 Étienne Bersac <bersace@@gmail.com>
@end copying

@titlepage
@title Built-in iSight firmware extractor and patcher

This file documents the `ift-extract` firmware extractor.

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@ifnottex
@node top
@top Built-in iSight firmware extractor and patcher
@end ifnottex

ift-extract extract the Built-in iSight firmware from Apple driver and
patch it to avoid some bugs in it. The firmware is then ready to get
loaded into the chip using ift-load.

@menu
* Driver::      Finding the Apple driver
* Options::     Command line options
* Copying::
@end menu


@node Driver 
@chapter Finding the Apple driver

ift-extract extract Built-in iSight firmware from Apple iSight
driver. This driver is located at
/System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBVideoSupport.kext/Contents/MacOS/AppleUSBVideoSupport
on your Mac OS X root partition.

There is several version of this driver depending on driver version or
host architecture (PowerPC or x86). Thus, ift-extract must determine
know the variant of the driver in order to properly extract the
firmware.

Any AppleUSBVideoSupport file starting with those shipped with iMac G5
iSight must work. If not, @b{please report unknown
AppleUSBVideoSupport} at bugreport mail address with machine type and
OS X version.

@node Options
@chapter Command line options

@table @samp
@item -a
@itemx --apple-driver
Apple driver filename where to extract the firmware.

@item -d
@itemx --output-directory
The directory where to output the firmware. Defaults to /lib/firmware.

@item -f
@itemx --output-filename
The output firmware name. Defaults to isight.fw

@item -?
@itemx --help
Shows option help and quit.
@end table

Since ift-extract defaults to output the firmware to
/lib/firmware/isight.fw, ensure you have the right to do so.

@node Copying
@chapter Copying

isight-firmware-tools is a project developped by Étienne Bersac based
on the work of Ronald S. Bultje, Johannes Berg and Ivan N. Zlatev.

This manual has been written by Étienne Bersac.

@insertcopying

@bye
